Fix: 404 links (#1035)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Display information/Custom dictionary style/README.md

## Additional information

> For information about creating your own custom dictionary style, see the open source [dictionary renderer toolkit](https://esriurl.com/DictionaryToolkit) on *GitHub*.

Reviewer: Is it not okay to link to the GitHub repo directly? After all, the comment states that it (the toolkit) is on GitHub.
```suggestion
For information about creating your own custom dictionary style, see the open source [dictionary renderer toolkit](https://github.com/Esri/dictionary-renderer-toolkit) on *GitHub*.
```
We link directly to GitHub elsewhere, like the link to the toolkit repo in the README.
